Enhance bindChart parameters description (#2884)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPivotGrid/3 Methods/bindChart(chart_integrationOptions).md

- *"series"* - data fields go to the chart series.

> 

Reviewer: Can you please make the following changes to the lines above?

Line 20:<br>
Specifies whether to alternate data fields in the resulting chart or not.<br>
`Specifies whether to alternate data fields in the resulting chart.`

Line 31:<br>
Accepts one of the following values.<br>
`Accepts one of the following values:`

Line 48:<br>
Accepts one of the following values.
`Accepts one of the following values:`

Line 50:<br>
`- *"args"* - data fields go to the chart arguments.`
What do you mean by "go to"? For example, do you mean "data fields are the chart arguments"?

Line 51:
`- *"series"* - data fields go to the chart series.`
See my comment above.

Reviewer 2: > What do you mean by "go to"?

These putDataFieldsInto property, which can have the values "args" and "series", has to do with conversion of PivotGrid cells and layout into chart series points. By "data fields go to chart arguments", we mean that PivotGrid data fields will be used to create chart arguments. How about

Data fields constitute chart series?

Reviewer: Sounds good. Please apply your suggestion to lines 50 and 51.

---

> The **customizeChart**, **customizeSeries** and **processCell** fields of the **integrationOptions** objects are functions. They accept arguments whose structure is described below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **customizeChart**, **customizeSeries**, and **processCell** fields of the **integrationOptions** object are functions. They accept arguments whose structure is described below.
```

> - **customizeChart** accepts a single argument:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **customizeChart**
```

        <!--JavaScript-->customizeChart: function (chartOptions) {
            // Change chart properties here

>             return chartOptions; // This line is optional

Reviewer 3: Imho it should be 

----

PivotGrid code expects that this function will return a dxChart options object (/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/)

Note:
PivotGrid code will assign new values to 'dataSource ' and 'seriesTemplate' members after this function is executed).

----

See:
- https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/blob/21_2/js/ui/pivot_grid/ui.pivot_grid.chart_integration.js#L243
- https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/blob/21_2/js/ui/pivot_grid/ui.pivot_grid.chart_integration.js#L296

Reviewer 2: > PivotGrid code expects that this function will return a dxChart options object (/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/)

Here's a pen in which I added an onPointClick event handler to chartOptions _without_ returning chartOptions from customizeChart. As you can see, it works:

https://codepen.io/romantsukanov/pen/RwgqJZd?editors=0010

> PivotGrid code will assign new values to 'dataSource ' and 'seriesTemplate' members after this function is executed).

Which ultimately means that you can't change dataSource and seriesTemplate in these customization functions, and this is exactly what we say.

Reviewer 3: Return or not return....
Our internal code allows both: chartOptions = extend(true, {}, chartOptions, customizeChart(chartOptions));
It's up to you how to describe it better.

'You can also specify any other Chart properties<link to chart properties> in this object' - this is what our code allows, fine text.

        }
        

>     The **chartOptions** object has the following structure:

Reviewer 3: The passed object already has values in the following members and  allows you to customize the automatically generated Chart settings

Reviewer 2: And?

Reviewer 3: These members already have values when customizeChart is called while other members of https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/ are 'undefined'.
It's up to you how to describe it better.
Currently it is 'The chartOptions object has the following structure ... ' + 'You can also specify any other Chart properties in this object'

            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>valueAxis</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>
            <td>Allows you to customize the automatically-created value axes. Each object in this array can contain fields described in the <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/" target="_blank">valueAxis</a> property description. When this array holds several objects, use their <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#name" target="_blank">name</a> field to identify the axis.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>panes</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>
            <td>Allows you to customize the automatically-created panes. Each object in this array can contain fields described in the <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/" target="_blank">panes</a> property description. When this array holds several objects, use their <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/panes/#name" target="_blank">name</a> field to identify the pane.</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

>     You can also specify any properties (except [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource)) listed in the Chart's [Configuration]/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) section in this object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can also specify any other [Chart properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/) in this object, except [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource).
```

> - **customizeSeries** accepts two arguments: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **customizeSeries** 
```

        <!--JavaScript-->customizeSeries: function (seriesName, seriesOptions) {
            // Change series properties here
            return seriesOptions; // This line is optional
        }

    The **seriesName** argument is a string that allows you to identify a series. The **seriesOptions** argument is an object with the following structure:

> 

Reviewer 3: The passed object already has values in the following members and allows you to customize the automatically generated Chart settings

    <table class="dx-table full-width">
        <tr>
            <th>Field name</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>axis</b></td>
            <td>String</td>

>             <td>The name of the axis the series occupies. Has a value only when the chart has multiple axes.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <td>The name of the axis to which the series belongs. Has a value only when the chart has multiple axes.</td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>pane</b></td>
            <td>String</td>
            <td>The name of the pane the series occupies. Has a value only when the chart has multiple panes.</td>
        </tr>
    </table>

>     You can also specify any other [series properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) in this object, except [seriesTemplate](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/seriesTemplate/).

Reviewer 3: Imho it should be 

----

PivotGrid code expects that this function will return a [series properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) object

Reviewer 3: except [seriesTemplate] - no, see https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/blob/21_2/js/ui/pivot_grid/ui.pivot_grid.chart_integration.js#L260

Reviewer 2: See my reply to [this comment](https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-documentation/pull/2884/files#r713782923).

Reviewer 3: Again, our code allows both 'return' and 'modify': seriesOptions = extend(seriesOptions, customizeSeries(seriesName, seriesOptions));
The text is up to you.

>The seriesName argument is a string that allows you to identify a series. The seriesOptions argument is an object with the following structure:

fine.

>You can also specify any other series properties in this object, except seriesTemplate.

https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/ - the passed object doesn't contain the 'seriesTemplate' member.
This note of the 'customizeSeries' callback is not correct for the 'seriesOptions' argument.
This note should be in the 'customizeChart' section:

    if(customizeChart) {
        chartOptions = extend(true, {}, chartOptions, customizeChart(chartOptions));
    }

    chartOptions.dataSource = createChartDataSource(dataSource, options, axisDictionary);

    chartOptions.seriesTemplate = {

>     You can also specify any properties (except [seriesTemplate](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/seriesTemplate/)) listed in the [series]/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) section in this object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can also specify any other [series properties]/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) in this object, except [seriesTemplate](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/seriesTemplate/).
```

> - **processCell** accepts a single argument:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **processCell**
```

        <!--JavaScript-->processCell: function (cellData) {
            // Process data here
            return cellData; // This line is optional
        }
        

>     The **cellData** object has the following structure:

Reviewer 3: no, see https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/blob/21_2/js/ui/pivot_grid/ui.pivot_grid.chart_integration.js#L119

        processCellArgs.chartDataItem = {
            val: value === undefined ? null : value,
            series: seriesName,
            arg: argument
        };

        processCellArgs = processDataCell(processCellArgs, mapOptions.processCell);

Reviewer 2: I'm sorry but I don't understand what you're trying to say. I checked the structure, and it corresponds to the description. You can check it yourself: https://codepen.io/romantsukanov/pen/yLXQEjb?editors=0010

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I checked wrong code and my comment is not correct.

    <table class="dx-table full-width">
        <tr>
            <th>Field name</th>
            <th>Type</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>rowPath</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>

>             <td>The path to the data cell by row field values.</td>

Reviewer: Do multiple field values correspond to one data cell? Or do you mean:

`The path to the data cell by row field value.`

Reviewer 2: No, there can be several field values that form the path.

Reviewer: Okay, thank you.

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>rowPathFormatted</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>

>             <td>Same as **rowPath**, but with <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format" target="_blank">format</a> and <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#customizeText" target="_blank">customizeText</a> applied.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <td>Same as <b>rowPath</b>, but with <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format" target="_blank">format</a> and <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#customizeText" target="_blank">customizeText</a> applied.</td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>rowFields</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>
            <td>Contains objects that are row <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/" target="_blank">fields</a>.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>maxRowLevel</b></td>
            <td>Number</td>

>             <td>A zero-based index that indicates the maximum currently expanded row level. Equals to 0 when the pivot grid has no row fields, 1 when all rows are collapsed, 2 when at least one first-level row is expanded, etc.</td>

Reviewer: 1) `A zero-based index that indicates the maximum currently expanded row level.`
What do you mean by "maximum currently expanded"? For example, do you mean:

`A zero-based index that indicates the maximum number of expanded row levels.`

2) `Equals to 0 when the pivot grid has no row fields, 1 when all rows are collapsed, 2 when at least one first-level row is expanded, etc.`

Please change this to:

`Equals 0 when the pivot grid has no row fields, 1 when all rows are collapsed, 2 when at least one first-level row is expanded, etc.`

or

`Is equal to 0 when the pivot grid has no row fields, 1 when all rows are collapsed, 2 when at least one first-level row is expanded, etc.`

Reviewer 2: > What do you mean by "maximum currently expanded"? 

The lowest expanded row level.

Reviewer: > The lowest expanded row level.

Thanks for the clarification. Can we say it this way instead?

`A zero-based index that indicates the lowest expanded row level.`

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>columnPath</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>

>             <td>The path to the data cell by column field values.</td>

Reviewer: See my similar comment above. Do you mean the following?

`The path to the data cell by column field value.`

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>columnPathFormatted</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>

>             <td>Same as **columnPath**, but with <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format" target="_blank">format</a> and <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#customizeText" target="_blank">customizeText</a> applied.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <td>Same as <b>columnPath</b>, but with <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#format" target="_blank">format</a> and <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/#customizeText" target="_blank">customizeText</a> applied.</td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>columnFields</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>
            <td>Contains objects that are column <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/" target="_blank">fields</a>.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>maxColumnLevel</b></td>
            <td>Number</td>

>             <td>A zero-based index that indicates the maximum currently expanded column level. Equals to 0 when the pivot grid has no column fields, 1 when all columns are collapsed, 2 when at least one first-level column is expanded, etc.</td>

Reviewer: See my similar comments above.

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>dataFields</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>
            <td>Contains objects that are data <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/fields/" target="_blank">fields</a>.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><b>dataValues</b></td>
            <td>Array</td>

>             <td>Data of the current cell. Contains several values if the pivot grid has several data fields.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>Data of the current cell. Contains several values if the pivot grid has multiple data fields.</td>
```
